README.md, before:

# Beginner React tutorial

By following this tutorial step by step to the end you will give me a chance to teach you basics of react. You'll be able to use this on every react project that you will be working on. To follow this course you need zero knowladge about react.


## Why follow my tutorial?

There is a lot of courses, content and documentation from great developers, but, if you are starting I'm sure that you don't know where to start. Like which course to take, how much should you pay for a quality course, is the documentation that you will be reading even useful and soo on. My journey whiting react started like that. Luckily I have a great mentor [Andrej Cremoznik](https://github.com/andrejcremoznik), that guided me trough that and answer me all the questions that were not answerd in some courses and doucmentation. In this tutorial I will try to follow his steps and try to teach you like he did me. You don't need to know every little detil to start writing react and because of that I will give only the basics to get stared and you will learn everything else in more detail during the your journey.


## What will you learn

* how to work with arrays and objects,
* how to set up react with VITE,
* basics of react,
* usage of react query,
* usage of react router

*IMPORTANT*: I will not provide all the content in this tutorial. I will only guide you trough the documentation, courses by giving you tasks and you will need to read that by yourself to really get everything under your skin.


## Get started

To start this tutorial you will need to have a code editor and preferably your own reposetory where you will save all your work. The purpose of the reposetory is that you can continue the tutorial by yourself, to give me an option to rewview your work, for you to give me questions.

*So if you are ready, let's hit the road!*

1. First you need to be comfortable working with arrays and objects before working with React. To achieve that, first, I want you to watch [Jack Herringtons series "Arrays made simple"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NaJI7RkSPx8&list=PLNqp92_EXZBJmAHWnJbVnXsl71hiHCrQh&index=1), episodes from 1 to 6. Second, you will use what you learned from the series and do an exercise made from [Andrej Cremmoznik](https://github.com/andrejcremoznik). Open the file [products-array](https://github.com/GalMarkelj/react-tutorial/blob/main/products-array.js) and do the tasks with the dummy data. For help, I'm giving you a solution to all the tasks in file [products-array-solved](https://github.com/GalMarkelj/react-tutorial/blob/main/products-array-solved.js), but first, try to do it by yourself. To get the answers logged in the terminal, run `node products-array-solved.js` in the root directory.

2. Currently the best bundler for React in my opinion is [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/). I want you to read a little bit about what Vite is, what are some of his features and then with the documentation set up a boilerplate for a React(Javascript) project.

3. To style your pages that you are going to be building, [Tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/) is going to be your friend. Check the docs and install it into the project.

Commit message:

Remove third (tailwind) exeracise and adjust second exeracise

README.md, after:

# Beginner React tutorial

By following this tutorial step by step to the end you will give me a chance to teach you basics of react. You'll be able to use this on every react project that you will be working on. To follow this course you need zero knowledge about react.


## Why follow my tutorial?

There is a lot of courses, content and documentation from great developers, but, if you are starting I'm sure that you don't know where to start. Like which course to take, how much should you pay for a quality course, is the documentation that you will be reading even useful and soo on. My journey whiting react started like that. Luckily I have a great mentor [Andrej Cremoznik](https://github.com/andrejcremoznik), that guided me trough that and answer me all the questions that were not answerd in some courses and doucmentation. In this tutorial I will try to follow his steps and try to teach you like he did me. You don't need to know every little detil to start writing react and because of that I will give only the basics to get stared and you will learn everything else in more detail during the your journey.


## What will you learn

* how to work with arrays and objects,
* how to set up react with VITE,
* basics of react,
* usage of react query,
* usage of react router

**IMPORTANT**: I will not provide all the content in this tutorial. I will only guide you trough the documentation, courses by giving you tasks and you will need to read that by yourself to really get everything under your skin.

## Helpers
- [MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/)
- [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/)
- [React](https://react.dev/learn)
- [React API reference](https://react.dev/reference/react)
- [React router](https://reactrouter.com/en/main)
- [React query](https://tanstack.com/query/v3/docs/react/overview)
- [Sass](https://sass-lang.com/)
- [StandardJs](https://standardjs.com/)

## Get started

To start this tutorial you will need to have a code editor and preferably your own reposetory where you will save all your work. The purpose of the reposetory is that you can continue the tutorial by yourself, to give me an option to rewview your work, for you to give me questions.

*So if you are ready, let's hit the road!*

1. **Arrays & Objects** First you need to be comfortable working with arrays and objects before working with React. To achieve that, first, I want you to watch [Jack Herringtons series "Arrays made simple"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NaJI7RkSPx8&list=PLNqp92_EXZBJmAHWnJbVnXsl71hiHCrQh&index=1), episodes from 1 to 6. Second, you will use what you learned from the series and do an exercise made from [Andrej Cremmoznik](https://github.com/andrejcremoznik). Open the file [products-array](https://github.com/GalMarkelj/react-tutorial/blob/main/products-array.js) and do the tasks with the dummy data. For help, I'm giving you a solution to all the tasks in file [products-array-solved](https://github.com/GalMarkelj/react-tutorial/blob/main/products-array-solved.js), but first, try to do it by yourself. To get the answers logged in the terminal, run `node products-array-solved.js` in the root directory.

2. **Project setup**
 - Currently the best bundler for React in my opinion is [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/). I want you to read a little bit about what Vite is, what are some of his features and then with the documentation set up a boilerplate for a React(**Javascript + SWC**) project.
 - After you setup the project with Vite I suggest you do the following:
        - in the root directory remove .eslintrc.cjs<br>
        - navigate to the src directory and delete everything accept `App.jsx` and `main.jsx`<br>
        - for styles we will use `sass`(scss), this is a css extension. I suggest you look little bit into the documentation. Install `sass` **as a development dependency**. After that in `src` directory create folder `styles` with file `app.scss` in it.<br>
        - edit `main.jsx` and set the correct path to the styles<br>
        - edit `App.jsx` and remove all imports and JSX code

    Also, I highly suggest you use [StandardJs](https://standardjs.com/) to save some time, have clean code and most importantly to write common JavaScript syntax.<br>
    To do that install `standard` **as a development dependency** and that is it.
